feat(`v1`): Migration guide (#922)
foundry-rs/book: src/migrating-to-v1/migrating-to-v1.md

## Migrating to Foundry V1

> Foundry V1 is the blazing-fast smart contract testing framework you already know, but finally marked as stable and respecting semver. It's the culmination of over a year of work and more than 200 contributors that chimed in to make it happen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Foundry V1 is the blazing-fast smart contract testing framework you already know, but finally marked as stable and respecting [semver](https://semver.org/). It's the culmination of over a year of work and more than 200 contributors that made it happen.
```

With the V1 release, very few breaking changes have been included, meaning migration should be mostly painless. This guide will help you understand what these changes are and how to handle them properly.

### What to expect

> V1 mainly brings more strictness to several cheatcodes, which will be the main thing to migrate early on. While we recommend migrating as soon as possible to V1, It's possible to upgrade your local installation and migrate the tests, while maintaining nightly usage on CI to avoid any failures that might disrupt your workflow.

Reviewer: link to docs on how to do what's suggested in that second paragraph? I'm a bit confused on that because wouldn't the nightlies just become the v1 version that have breaking changes? I'd have thought you need to pin CI to a pre-v1 nightly
```suggestion
V1 mainly increases the strictness of several cheatcodes, and accommodating this is the primary change required to migrate to V1. We recommend migrating to V1 as soon as possible, as the stricter cheats may reveal bugs or issues in your code and test suite. 

If migration is time consuming, you can consider upgrading your local foundry installation while migrating tests, but maintaining nightly usage on CI to avoid any failures that might disrupt your workflow.
```

Aside from this, V1 is still the same Foundry you know.

### I need support. Where do I go?

> The [dev Telegram](https://t.me/foundry_rs) is available for any concerns you may have that are not covered in this guide.

Reviewer: should we link to the support telegram here instead? or maybe both and specify when to use which

## Migrating to Foundry v1

Foundry v1 is the blazing-fast smart contract testing framework you already know, but finally marked as stable and respecting [semver](https://semver.org/). It's the culmination of over a year of work and more than 250 contributors that made it happen.

With the v1 release, very few breaking changes have been included, meaning migration should be mostly painless. This guide will help you understand what these changes are and how to handle them properly.

### What to expect

v1 mainly increases the strictness of several cheatcodes, and accommodating this is the primary change required to migrate to v1. We recommend migrating to v1 as soon as possible, as the stricter cheats may reveal bugs or issues in your code and test suite. 

If migration is time consuming, you can consider upgrading your local foundry installation while migrating tests, but maintaining nightly usage on CI to avoid any failures that might disrupt your workflow.

> Aside from this, V1 is still the same Foundry you know.

Reviewer 2: v1

Author: Done in https://github.com/foundry-rs/book/pull/922/commits/0622765622b80670ca2b838eff1b368440516b65
